[ Return](Player%20Characters%20)
#halfling, #billballs, #the-shiter
The backstory of BB D

In a peaceful area of hills there existed a town called [The Shiter](The%20Shiter.md). Here lived a tiny civilisation of (hobbits) halflings. Our story begins in the residence of the Draggins family, a household of 12 strong. There were ofcours [Mama Draggins](Mama%20Draggins.md) and [Dada Draggins](Dada%20Draggins.md). Mama’s elders: [ Harold](Harold%20Bimbo%20) and [Hernia Bimbo](Hernia%20Bimbo.md). Dada’s elders: [ Bertha](Bertha%20Draggins%20) and [Bobbert Draggins](Bobbert%20Draggins.md). And lastly, the children: [Funkleberg](Funkleberg.md), [Zimiezommie](Zimiezommie.md), [FlipFlop](FlipFlop.md), [Kartoffel](Kartoffel.md), [Jan](Jan.md) and [Wigglewammus the Third](Wigglewammus%20the%20Third.md). One day, the earth would tremble, storms would blow and the seas would rage as suddenly the seventh child and the thirteenth family member was born. But before Mama could name her child she saw that her child had two umbilical cords. ‘How is this possible?’ She asked the doctor in awe. And the doctor answered: ‘ma’m, that’s not a umbilical cord, that’s his extremely long ball-sack’.

Some years later, the shame of his family, ridiculed by everyone and called Bilballs Draggins by those around him walks depressed through his village. While Bilballs wasn’t his real name, the fact that is ball-sack was so long that it touched the ground and the name calls from the villagers made him wonder if his name had ever been anything different. He went to the local weed smoker, a man they called the High Wizard: [Gundolf](Gundolf.md). Gundolf was his only friend, the only one that accepted him. Looking more depressed than usual, Gundolf noticed this, hit his pipe and said: ‘my boy, this town won’t do you any favours, being stuck here will only force a role upon you that the people here have decided. You need to get out into the world and discover who you really are and what purpose you have in this world’. ‘But Gundolf!’, Bilballs screamed, ‘I am just a insignificant small halfling, how could I face the big world out there with all its dangers, evils and unknowns?’ Then Gundolf began to speak: ‘Some believe that it is only great power that can hold evil in check, but that is not what I've found. I found it is the small things, everyday deeds by ordinary folk that keeps the darkness at bay. Take this flute and let the music speak as strong and loud as your ball-sack is long’. Bilballs took the flute and began to play. To Gundolfs surprise, he was an absolute genius. As the melody filled the room, Gundolf began to tear up. On the rhythm of the music Bilballs began to dance, clapping his balls against each other with every step he made. Combined with the complete tranquility produced by the flute, to Gundolf it sounded like the bells of heaven were being run. Bilballs stopped, averting his gaze to Gundolf. Gundolf nodded, smiled and said ‘you’re ready’. Bilballs gathered his belongings, got some gear from Gundolf and left his hobbit hole. Running across the field, he shouted: ‘I am going on an adventure!!’
