#firbolg, #grey-praises

[ Return](Player%20Characters%20)


The Firbolg that goes by the name of Aramis while traveling abroad was once a respected Bowman for his clan, the Grey Praises. This clan of Firbolgs lived in the [Forest of Respite](Forest%20of%20Respite.md), descended from those Firbolg who first arose there. As such, this clan takes the protection of the forest and any such environments very seriously, in a primal sort of way, remaining closely attuned to the mercurial parts of their Fey origins and worshipping the goddess [Melora, the Wildmother](Melora,%20the%20Wildmother.md).

At times when all peaceful solutions for the deterrence of interlopers were exhausted, the Firbolg would ultimately assemble a very particular task force of braves to deal with them: one half of this task consisted of turning to ash and piece every trace of them to feed to the woods. The other half of the task was to turn them into warnings for those they could not kill on the spot, by beheading corpses and putting their heads, flayed skins or scalps on pikes in the general area of intrusion, so as to prevent more interlopers from approaching and bringing their possibly ill intent to fruition in their forests.

In these fey tasks Aramis took part as a bowman, alternating between scouring the area in packs of ten for more interlopers, shooting whomsoever was found unaware, playing on his flute and preparing body parts for extended exposure and display. One day though he made an arrow shot in his off time he really shouldn't have made.

It must be mentioned that the Firbolg prepared for these fell retaliations were only a little bit more mischievous in their free time than other Firbolg on account of their unabashedly savage work, prone to wagers and small quests, as well as taking up a bit more natural resources for their handicrafts.

So Aramis thought several times to have found what his clan called "[The Fey Corridor](The%20Fey%20Corridor.md)", a supposedly tiny and narrow space in the forest where the trees and the branches and the leaves and the rocks parted in such a way that you could shoot a straight arrow from one end to the other end of the forest. If the arrow spun just right during flight, it would touch absolutely nothing but air.

Most Firbolg found it a funny game to try and look for it, but generally believed that in reality it would be too subtle for mortal eyes to find and see. So Aramis set out to prove the existence of this corridor by shooting through an arrow, mostly in jest, often to practice his sharpshooting and sometimes to see whether there really was something like it in existence.

So he marked his arrows with feathers of a certain colour and made his shot throughout the many places it was rumoured to be. There were many such straight places, but none quite the length of legend. One day, he couldn't find the arrow stuck in a tree at what he thought was the other end, but sometime later a sacred deer was found dead on the other side of the forest with precisely his kind of arrow in its body.

Aramis was arrested at the edge of the forest by his closest friends, Firbolgs who Aramis called by the deeds he knew them for: [Club-juggler](Club-juggler.md), his brother; [Birdbearer](Birdbearer.md), a close friend; [Feytoucher](Feytoucher.md), a druid and a former love-interest; and [Bearsuplex](Bearsuplex.md), a comrade-in-arms. Aramis was tried at [Choir hill](Choir%20hill.md), marked by a great tree on top of it.

Aramis insisted the crime couldn't possibly be true, because he was of course on the other side of the forest, although he was found on the side of the forest with the dead deer to look for his arrow. Most importantly however, he stressed that his bow could not possibly have had the range to actually cross the whole forest at the place from where he shot it, it being the wider part of the wood.

Nevertheless the clan elders concluded that he had indeed found the fabled "Fey Corridor" and that he had recklessly played with it. In particular, the Senior Firbolg elder often called "[Fault-beater](Fault-beater.md)", made the final argument against Aramis, saying that his curiosity displayed the sin of greed, the desire for distinction. Thus Aramis was dubbed "Blindmurder" for his troubles and exiled from the ancestral grove of the [Grey Praises](Grey%20Praises.md), [Toegrass-Creek](Toegrass-Creek.md), although his request for giving Aramis a beating before he was exiled was denied.

The druid Feytoucher would testify as to the generally agreed upon characteristics of the Fey Corridor, as well as taking care of the corpse of the sacred deer she found. She would gift her flute in consolation to Aramis, as well as some cash. It was Fey toucher who first dubbed the crime a "blind murder" during the investigation, although without Ill-intent, as well as finding one end of the Fey Corridor and having Firbolg lock down the area against further trespassing, marked off by coloured moss and red flowers.

Club-juggler would testify against Aramis, telling everyone that Aramis was indeed a gifted bowman, gifted enough to make the shot, but that he should therefore be forgiven and retained in the clan, receiving only a beating. He also gave some cash to Aramis for his exile, but being the only asked by Aramis to actually come along, he refused, citing his duties to the Clan as a fellow fighter of last resort.

Only Bearsuplex would disagree that Aramis indeed did find the Fey Corridor, but he didn't dare say anything, besides gifting Aramis his trusty warhammer for exile and telling him he believed him, even suggesting that he could possibly prove his innocence somehow.

Consequently the elders judged Aramis incapable of being trusted with the ultraviolent tasks of the Firbolg's final resort, that being to use terror tactics on interlopers, as this was a privilege as much as a duty. Thus Aramis was banished from the forest, never to return upon pain of restraint and beatings. All mention of Fey Corridors were forbidden amongst the clan and especially to outsiders, something Aramis' defending counsel, the Firbolg elder often called "Songmaker", convinced him to take to heart. It helped that Bird-bearer looted a chain shirt from a corpse, resized it and gave it to Aramis on the way out, affirming Songmaker's advice and encouraging hin to stay true to the ways of the Grey Praises.

Now Aramis is looking for a new home, earning his living with foraging, street performances with his flute and archery competitions, because he is an avowed vegetarian and he wants a complete diet. But more importantly, he wants to know more about [Fey](The%20Feywild.md) magic and in particularly the Fey phenomenon of Fey Corridors, if only to know the truth of his case himself and perhaps to prove his innocence. To this day Aramis maintains his innocence, either by physical impossibility or by extraneous circumstances.

One thing is for sure though and that is that he will not abandon the old ways of his clan: in fact, he now intends to share their ways with all that dwell in forests and other such sprawling environments. Savagery and play are the valuable truths and lessons of the forests, Aramis would say, and he doesn't need to be an elder to understand this, let alone to tell of it for the betterment of the world.